// Private Constructor

	A private constructor in Java is a constructor that is declared with the private access modifier. Unlike public 
	or protected constructors, it restricts object creation from outside the class. This means instances of the 	
	class cannot be created directly from outside the class.

	public class Example {
    		private Example() {
        		// Initialization code
    		}
	}


	Why Use a Private Constructor?
	Private constructors are used to achieve specific design patterns and behaviors in Java. 
	Some common use cases include:

	1. Singleton Design Pattern: A singleton ensures that only one instance of a class is created during the 
	   application's lifecycle. The class provides a global access point to this instance.

	2. Factory Method Pattern: A factory method uses a private constructor to control the 
	   creation of objects and delegates object creation to static methods.

	   
   3. Preventing Instantiation in Utility Classes:

	Utility classes contain static methods and constants. Since they don’t 
	need instances, a private constructor prevents instantiation.





Default arguments in methods: 👍
        it is not allowed to write default arguments in java methods. Unlike some 
	   other programming languages (such as C++ or Python), Java does not support default arguments for methods. 
	   This means that when you define a method in Java, you must specify all the parameters explicitly, and 
	   the caller must provide values for all the parameters.

	Why Java Does Not Support Default Arguments?

	- Java aims to keep the language simple and readable. Default arguments can sometimes make the code harder 
	  to understand, especially when methods are overloaded or when the default values are not obvious.
	- Java emphasizes consistency in its syntax and semantics. Introducing default arguments could lead to 
	  inconsistencies and potential ambiguities in method overloading and method resolution.
	- Java has a strong emphasis on backward compatibility. Introducing default arguments could break existing 
	  code or introduce subtle bugs in legacy systems.

	Alternatives to Default Arguments: 

	While Java does not support default arguments, there are several alternatives to achieve similar functionality:

	1. Method Overloading: You can define multiple versions of a method with different parameter lists. This allows 
	you to provide default values by calling the appropriate overloaded method.


	
	2. Builder Pattern: The Builder pattern is a design pattern that allows you to construct complex objects 
	   step by step. It provides a flexible way to set default values and build objects with optional parameters.